                    Game Created By: Tyly04, with help from Nis, Kurai, and Bobdablobby.
                           Special Thanks to: (People we know and you dont!!)
                                   Close the page to return to the MPIA


Lore:

1) The Tale of the Eccentric Lady!
Long in the future, there was a man who invented a time machine and sent his annoying wife into the past, so that she would live to death. However, this lady went very far into the past, farther than he had anticipated, and all technology she had was extremely valuble. Of course, as anyone would, she sold all of her valubles, and bought a respectable house in a town named Argo. She was a cat person, and adopted several cats. She was incredibly rich, and had nothing to do with her time, so she invented a sport whereby she would throw her cat in a tree, and call for help. Whenever someone came to help, she would give them five gold, and as soon as everyone left she would throw the cat back into the tree. Rinse and repeat for endless entertainment. Of course, in the future, the lady's husband learned that she had bought an immortality formula from a wizard, and when she lived to the future, she tormented him until he died of supernatural causes.

2) The Tale of the Nomadic Rock Concerts!
In the world of MPIA, you may encounter nomadic, wandering, and joyous rock concerts of several races. (Dwarf, Ghouls, Zombies, Humans, and Scarecrows.) When the eccentric lady from the future came to the past bringing all of her technology, it was bought off her, and the incredibly handy dwarves used these new technologies to make rock guitaurs. All of the dwarves packed up and decided to have one big rock concert. After a while, however, they ran out of food, and had to raid others for their food. Thus, they began wandering, partying, and pilaging. After a while, they forgot why they started partying in the first place, and just started battling other groups of people. Now, there are five main groups, (Dwarfs, Ghouls, Zombies, Humans, and Scarecrows), which fight for control of the beer.

3) The Tale of the Shifty Cheese Throwing Contests
In the world of MPIA, betting is heavily taxed by the government. However, before there were taxes, the game of Cheese Throwing was very popular. When they made the tax laws, they included a tax break for cheese throwing contests, due to their ancestral heritage. Thus, a bunch of shady cheese throwing money laundering operations were born. Sometimes as you wander the world of MPIA, you will encounter one of these operations, in which you have a chance to earn or lose money.
